rule policy documentation (#6195)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/core/forms.rst

extraction code. Rasa Open Source will trigger this function when the form is run.

Make sure your custom action returns ``SlotSet`` events for every extracted value.
The following example shows the implementation of a custom slot mapping which sets
a slot based on the length of the last user message.

.. code-block:: python

    from typing import Dict, Text, List

    from rasa_sdk import Tracker
    from rasa_sdk.events import EventType
    from rasa_sdk.executor import CollectingDispatcher
    from rasa_sdk import Action
    from rasa_sdk.events import SlotSet

    class ValidateSlots(Action):
        def name(self) -> Text:
            return "action_validate_your_form"

        def run(
            self, dispatcher: CollectingDispatcher, tracker: Tracker, domain: Dict
        ) -> List[EventType]:
            text_of_last_user_message = tracker.latest_message.get("text")

            return [SlotSet("user_message_length", len(text_of_last_user_message))]

Requesting Extra Slots
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you have frequent changes to the required slots and don't want to retrain your
assistant when something changes, you can also use a

> :ref:`custom action<custom-actions>` ``action_validate_{form_name}`` to define

Reviewer: did we change it to `action_validate_`? currently in the code it is `validate_`

Author: fixed it 👍

which slots should be requested. Rasa Open Source will run your custom action whenever

> the form is executed. Set the slot ``requested_slot`` to the name of the slot which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the form is validates user input. Set the slot ``requested_slot`` to the name of the slot which
```

should be extracted next. If all desired slots are filled, set ``requested_slot``
to ``None``.

The following example shows the implementation of a custom action which requests
the three slots ``last_name``, ``first_name``, and ``city``.

> 

Reviewer: this example might be confusing, because it repeats the default behavior. @akelad what do you think?

Author: What do you mean with `because it repeats the default behavior` ? It's an example for requesting slots from a custom action which should only be done if having the slot mappings in the domain doesn't cut it for you.

Reviewer: yes, but this particular example can be covered by putting these slots in the domain. So users who read it might think they need to do it anyhow

Author: It's in the `advanced usage` section and then I say

> If you have frequent changes to the required slots and don't want to retrain your
assistant when something in your form changes, you can also use a
:ref:`custom action<custom-actions>` ``validate_{form_name}`` to define
which slots should be requested.

I think it should be pretty clear

Reviewer: but people might first look into example, so I suggest to create example that illustrates what is written there

When you define a form, you need to add it to your domain file.
If your form's name is ``restaurant_form``, your domain would look like this:

.. code-block:: yaml

   forms:
     - restaurant_form
   actions:
     ...

See ``examples/formbot/domain.yml`` for an example.

Configuration File
------------------

To use forms, you also need to include the ``FormPolicy`` in your policy
configuration file. For example:

.. code-block:: yaml

  policies:
    - name: "FormPolicy"

see ``examples/formbot/config.yml`` for an example.

> Form Basics

Author: yep 👍

> Form Basics

Author: @b-quachtran I'd rephrase / rewrite the forms stuff according to our changes and then simply add a link to the previous docs for the deprecated `FormPolicy`?

Please read :ref:`section_interactive_learning_forms`
on how to use interactive learning with forms.

Using a Custom Action to Ask For the Next Slot
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As soon as the form determined which slot has to be filled next by the user, it will
execute the action ``utter_ask_{slot_name}`` to ask the user to provide the necessary
input. If a regular utterance is not enough, you can also provide a custom action

> ``action_ask_{slot_name}`` to ask for the next slot.

Reviewer: this is not supported yet

Author: Yes, documented in the PR description
